Documentation: Add minimal doc for using own CA (#80271)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/set-up-https.md

   lrwxrwxrwx 1 root grafana    65 Mar 22 14:15 /etc/grafana/grafana.key -> /etc/letsencrypt/live/subdomain.mysite.com/privkey.pem
   ```

### Use your own CA

> If you want to use your own CA or your organization's and make sure the full chain is advertized by Grafana, make sure your `cert_file` contains your signed certificate followed by the full CA bundle chain (not the opposite way around).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use your own CA or your organization's and ensure Grafana advertises the full chain, ensure your `cert_file` contains your signed certificate followed by the full CA bundle chain.
```
